the new e-class t-model from Mercedes Benz
The fifth generation of the station wagon is not just efficient
safe and comfortable but also with a thoughtful hold management
With the innovative PAC click-click system picks up
Folding the rear seatbacks becomes child's play a single move
From the trunk is sufficient to increase the load volume significantly
disturbing headrests and six surfaces is not necessary
by removing cargo compartment cover and safety net
almost the rear of the station wagon up to 1000 950 liters
optionally, an additional six bank makes the t-model 7 6 8
that you can travel comfortably with the t-model even with full payload
This is ensured by the standard air suspension on the rear axle
and especially on long journeys makes the newly developed Bayreuth account
and suspension
noticeable with adaptive damping system
Also in terms of safety, the Skeye class T model can lead alongside
the Fosse is the sedan systems, the station wagon has another
innovation
the Gold Card limiters adapt to the size and weight of the passengers
In addition, new exchange rate offense and screaming active Metro
Headrests for more safety on board
The low-consumption and low-emission engines also convey a good feeling
the new t-model like the 250 CD the Blue Efficiency
at 11,204 hp and a torque of 500 Newton meters
but also the estate sedan 507 liters per 100 kilometers
This corresponds to a Co2 emission of 150 grams per kilometer
For the start of sales, five engines from 170 to 388 hp will be offered
the largest station wagon in the premium segment will arrive in November 2009
on the market r